.agent/workflows/plan-product/2-create-mission.md, before:

Now that you've gathered information about this product, use that info to create the mission document in `agent-os/product/mission.md` by following these instructions:

Create `agent-os/product/mission.md` with comprehensive product definition following this structure for its' content:

#### Mission Structure:
```markdown
# Product Mission

## Pitch
[PRODUCT_NAME] is a [PRODUCT_TYPE] that helps [TARGET_USERS] [SOLVE_PROBLEM]
by providing [KEY_VALUE_PROPOSITION].

## Users

### Primary Customers
- [CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_1]: [DESCRIPTION]
- [CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_2]: [DESCRIPTION]

### User Personas
**[USER_TYPE]** ([AGE_RANGE])
- **Role:** [JOB_TITLE/CONTEXT]
- **Context:** [BUSINESS/PERSONAL_CONTEXT]
- **Pain Points:** [SPECIFIC_PROBLEMS]
- **Goals:** [DESIRED_OUTCOMES]

## The Problem

### [PROBLEM_TITLE]
[PROBLEM_DESCRIPTION]. [QUANTIFIABLE_IMPACT].

**Our Solution:** [SOLUTION_APPROACH]

## Differentiators

### [DIFFERENTIATOR_TITLE]
Unlike [COMPETITOR/ALTERNATIVE], we provide [SPECIFIC_ADVANTAGE].
This results in [MEASURABLE_BENEFIT].

## Key Features

### Core Features
- **[FEATURE_NAME]:** [USER_BENEFIT_DESCRIPTION]

### Collaboration Features
- **[FEATURE_NAME]:** [USER_BENEFIT_DESCRIPTION]

### Advanced Features
- **[FEATURE_NAME]:** [USER_BENEFIT_DESCRIPTION]
```

#### Important Constraints

- **Focus on user benefits** in feature descriptions, not technical details
- **Keep it concise** and easy for users to scan and get the more important concepts quickly


## Display confirmation and next step

Once you've created mission.md, output the following message:

```
✅ I have documented the product mission at `agent-os/product/mission.md`.

Review it to ensure it matches your vision and strategic goals for this product.

NEXT STEP 👉 Run the command, `3-create-roadmap.md`
```

Commit message:

feat: Add initial product planning, architectural decisions, and development workflow documentation.

.agent/workflows/plan-product/2-create-mission.md, after:

---
description: Now that you've gathered information about this product, use that info to create the mission document in `agent-os/product/mission.md` by following these instructions:
---

Now that you've gathered information about this product, use that info to create the mission document in `agent-os/product/mission.md` by following these instructions:

Create `agent-os/product/mission.md` with comprehensive product definition following this structure for its' content:

#### Mission Structure:
```markdown
# Product Mission

## Pitch
[PRODUCT_NAME] is a [PRODUCT_TYPE] that helps [TARGET_USERS] [SOLVE_PROBLEM]
by providing [KEY_VALUE_PROPOSITION].

## Users

### Primary Customers
- [CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_1]: [DESCRIPTION]
- [CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_2]: [DESCRIPTION]

### User Personas
**[USER_TYPE]** ([AGE_RANGE])
- **Role:** [JOB_TITLE/CONTEXT]
- **Context:** [BUSINESS/PERSONAL_CONTEXT]
- **Pain Points:** [SPECIFIC_PROBLEMS]
- **Goals:** [DESIRED_OUTCOMES]

## The Problem

### [PROBLEM_TITLE]
[PROBLEM_DESCRIPTION]. [QUANTIFIABLE_IMPACT].

**Our Solution:** [SOLUTION_APPROACH]

## Differentiators

### [DIFFERENTIATOR_TITLE]
Unlike [COMPETITOR/ALTERNATIVE], we provide [SPECIFIC_ADVANTAGE].
This results in [MEASURABLE_BENEFIT].

## Key Features

### Core Features
- **[FEATURE_NAME]:** [USER_BENEFIT_DESCRIPTION]

### Collaboration Features
- **[FEATURE_NAME]:** [USER_BENEFIT_DESCRIPTION]

### Advanced Features
- **[FEATURE_NAME]:** [USER_BENEFIT_DESCRIPTION]
```

#### Important Constraints

- **Focus on user benefits** in feature descriptions, not technical details
- **Keep it concise** and easy for users to scan and get the more important concepts quickly


## Display confirmation and next step

Once you've created mission.md, output the following message:

```
✅ I have documented the product mission at `agent-os/product/mission.md`.

Review it to ensure it matches your vision and strategic goals for this product.

NEXT STEP 👉 Run the command, `3-create-roadmap.md`
```
