.agent/workflows/plan-product/4-create-tech-stack.md, before:

The final part of our product planning process is to document this product's tech stack in `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md`.  Follow these instructions to do so:

Create `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md` with a list of all tech stack choices that cover all aspects of this product's codebase.

### Creating the Tech Stack document

#### Step 1: Note User's Input Regarding Tech Stack

IF the user has provided specific information in the current conversation in regards to tech stack choices, these notes ALWAYS take precidence.  These must be reflected in your final `tech-stack.md` document that you will create.

#### Step 2: Gather User's Default Tech Stack Information

Reconcile and fill in the remaining gaps in the tech stack list by finding, reading and analyzing information regarding the tech stack.  Find this information in the following sources, in this order:

1. If user has provided their default tech stack under "User Standards & Preferences Compliance", READ and analyze this document.
2. If the current project has any of these files, read them to find information regarding tech stack choices for this codebase:
  - `claude.md`
  - `agents.md`

#### Step 3: Create the Tech Stack Document

Create `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md` and populate it with the final list of all technical stack choices, reconciled between the information the user has provided to you and the information found in provided sources.


## Display confirmation and next step

Once you've created tech-stack.md, output the following message:

```
✅ I have documented the product's tech stack at `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md`.

Review it to ensure all of the tech stack details are correct for this product.

You're ready to start planning a feature spec! You can do so by running `shape-spec.md` or `write-spec.md`.
```

Commit message:

feat: Add initial product planning, architectural decisions, and development workflow documentation.

.agent/workflows/plan-product/4-create-tech-stack.md, after:

---
description: The final part of our product planning process is to document this product's tech stack in `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md`.  Follow these instructions to do so:
---

The final part of our product planning process is to document this product's tech stack in `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md`.  Follow these instructions to do so:

Create `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md` with a list of all tech stack choices that cover all aspects of this product's codebase.

### Creating the Tech Stack document

#### Step 1: Note User's Input Regarding Tech Stack

IF the user has provided specific information in the current conversation in regards to tech stack choices, these notes ALWAYS take precidence.  These must be reflected in your final `tech-stack.md` document that you will create.

#### Step 2: Gather User's Default Tech Stack Information

Reconcile and fill in the remaining gaps in the tech stack list by finding, reading and analyzing information regarding the tech stack.  Find this information in the following sources, in this order:

1. If user has provided their default tech stack under "User Standards & Preferences Compliance", READ and analyze this document.
2. If the current project has any of these files, read them to find information regarding tech stack choices for this codebase:
  - `claude.md`
  - `agents.md`

#### Step 3: Create the Tech Stack Document

Create `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md` and populate it with the final list of all technical stack choices, reconciled between the information the user has provided to you and the information found in provided sources.


## Display confirmation and next step

Once you've created tech-stack.md, output the following message:

```
✅ I have documented the product's tech stack at `agent-os/product/tech-stack.md`.

Review it to ensure all of the tech stack details are correct for this product.

You're ready to start planning a feature spec! You can do so by running `shape-spec.md` or `write-spec.md`.
```
